[Feat] Set `clickmode("event+select")` by default for `plotly.express` charts and `multiRow` selection for AgGrid (#1515)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20251203_125033_petar_pejovic_use_selectedData_as_graphs_trigger.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Highlights ✨

- A bullet item for the Highlights ✨ category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->
### Added

> - Support multi-selection (e.g. Graph points, AgGrid rows) that can now target multi-select controls via `set_control` actions. ([#1515](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1515))

Reviewer: Let's make this a highlight!

```suggestion
- Multi-select controls can now be updated by the `set_control` action. For example, you can set controls by using lasso select on a graph or selecting multiple rows on a table. ([#1515](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1515))
```
